Shut your mouth
We, Shenwei Group
It is the second largest group in the country
The lowest employees are all key universities
You didn't even go to college
Dare to say that you didn't go through the back door
Dare to steal credit from colleagues
These data reports are indeed done by me alone
I still have a backup on my computer
If you don't believe me, you can check it out.
So what if that line has medical expenses?
Maybe you came early in the morning
Deliberately send me away from the post. It's reliable
That's right, Mr. Yang, we all saw it with our own eyes
It's all deleted. One guy did it.
You can't take credit for that.
Shanshan, don't be afraid.
I will definitely give you a palace fight today
I'll let you say it again, brat
Who did this report?
Think about it
If it makes me dissatisfied
I don't care who is behind you.
I will fire you today
Never mind.
It's just a data report. You
Can't trouble Promise Snow
Have you decided?
Think about it
data report
Is something wrong?
Count you kid
Give me more face in the future
This old man's turf doesn't care who's behind you
It's a dragon, you have to plate it for me
It's a tiger, you have to lie down for me
Understand
Just understand, the meeting is adjourned
Baby